.nh
.TH "KC" "1" "Jan 0001" "kc dev" "kc Manual"

.SH NAME
kc-resolve - Resolve multiple secret IDs from stdin JSON and print values to stdout

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBkc resolve [flags]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
kc resolve implements the Consi/OpenClaw exec provider protocol for batch secret resolution.

Reads a JSON request from stdin:
  {"protocolVersion":1,"provider":"kc","ids":["KEY1","KEY2"]}

Writes a JSON response to stdout:
  {"protocolVersion":1,"values":{"KEY1":"val1","KEY2":null}}

Unknown keys are returned as null. Protected keys trigger a single Touch ID
prompt before resolution. Use --no-touch-id to skip Touch ID for
non-interactive callers (e.g. Consi/OpenClaw gateway startup).

.SH OPTIONS
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for resolve

\fB--no-touch-id\fP[=false]
	skip Touch ID authentication for protected keys

.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
\fB--vault\fP=""
	target vault (overrides active vault)

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
\fBecho '{"protocolVersion":1,"provider":"kc","ids":["OPENAI_API_KEY"]}' | kc resolve\fP

.PP
\fBkc resolve --vault prod < request.json\fP

.PP
\fBkc resolve --no-touch-id < request.json\fP

.SH SECURITY
.PP
\fBkc resolve\fP is designed for both interactive and non-interactive use:

.IP \(bu 2
\fBInteractive\fP (default): If any requested key is protected, kc triggers a
single Touch ID prompt. After successful authentication, the macOS boot-session
token is cached in $TMPDIR. Subsequent resolve calls within the same boot
session skip the prompt.
.IP \(bu 2
\fBNon-interactive\fP (\fB--no-touch-id\fP): Skips Touch ID entirely.
Protected keys ARE still resolved (the Keychain does not gate reads at the OS
level). Use this for automated callers like Consi/OpenClaw gateway startup that
cannot respond to a Touch ID prompt. The caller is responsible for trust
boundary decisions.
.IP \(bu 2
\fBTimeout\fP: Touch ID prompts have a 30-second timeout. If the user does not
authenticate, the command fails and outputs an error to stderr.

.SH BOOT SESSION CACHE
.PP
After the first successful Touch ID authentication, kc writes a boot-session
token to \fB/tmp/kc-session-<UID>\fP containing the current
\fBkern.boottime\fP value. This token is valid until logout or restart.

Calls to \fBkc get\fP, \fBkc env\fP, \fBkc export\fP, \fBkc list
--show-values\fP, \fBkc search --show-values\fP, and \fBkc resolve\fP all
share this cache — one fingerprint per boot session.

.SH CONS/OPENCLAW INTEGRATION
.PP
To use kc as a Consi/OpenClaw exec provider:

.nf
{
  "secrets": {
    "providers": {
      "kc": {
        "source": "exec",
        "command": "/opt/homebrew/bin/kc",
        "args": ["resolve", "--no-touch-id"],
        "timeoutMs": 10000,
        "allowSymlinkCommand": true,
        "trustedDirs": ["/opt/homebrew"],
        "passEnv": ["HOME", "PATH"]
      }
    }
  }
}
.fi

.PP
Then reference secrets in model provider configs:

.nf
{
  "models": {
    "providers": {
      "openai": {
        "apiKey": { "source": "exec", "provider": "kc", "id": "OPENAI_API_KEY" }
      }
    }
  }
}
.fi

.PP
\fBImportant:\fP The \fB--no-touch-id\fP flag is required for non-interactive
gateway startup. Without it, the gateway blocks on a Touch ID prompt and
fails with SECRETS_RELOADER_DEGRADED if the user is not present.

.PP
\fBEnvironment:\fP Consi/OpenClaw runs exec providers in a minimal
environment. \fBpassEnv: ["HOME", "PATH"]\fP is \fIrequired\fP for kc to
function:\fP
.IP \(bu 2
\fBHOME\fP is needed to locate the user's Keychain
(\fB~/Library/Keychains/login.keychain-db\fP). Without it, \fBsecurity(1)\fP
cannot access stored items and all secrets resolve to null.
.IP \(bu 2
\fBPATH\fP is needed to locate the \fBsecurity(1)\fP CLI
(\fB/usr/bin/security\fP) that kc wraps.

.PP
Homebrew installs kc as a symlink (\fB/opt/homebrew/bin/kc\fP →
\fB../Cellar/kc/<version>/bin/kc\fP). The Consi/OpenClaw exec provider
requires \fBallowSymlinkCommand: true\fP and \fBtrustedDirs\fP for
symlinked command paths.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBkc(1)\fP, \fBkc-get(1)\fP, \fBkc-env(1)\fP
